feat(client)!: Stream metadata public API (#962)
streamr-dev/network: packages/client/CHANGELOG.md

- Enforce concurrency limit for smart contract calls (per contract, configurable with `maxConcurrentContractCalls` config option)
- Enforce presence of message signatures
  - all non-signed messages received by client are simply ignored

> - Stream metadata (e.g. `partitions`) is no longer stored as fields of `Stream` object
>   - query the data by calling `stream.getMetadata()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stream metadata now accessed through `stream.getMetadata()`
  - e.g. usages of `stream.partitions` has changed to `stream.getMetadata().partitions`
```
